
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
God initially planned to use wasps to pollinate flowers. But in the end he went with plan Bee.
Had an excellent meal last night at this cosy little Christian restaurant near us called "The Lord Giveth". They also do takeaways.
My therapist said that my narcissism causes me to misread social situations. I’m pretty sure she was hitting on me.
A policeman spotted an elderly lady driving while knitting. “Pullover!" he said. "No, it's a scarf!" she replied.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
An armed man ran into a real estate agency and shouted:"Nobody move!"
My chiropractor and I got into this terrible fight in the middle of my neck treatment. Now I have to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, but its a light sentence.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
Did you hear about the guy that always got angry when he was out of bread for breakfast? He was lack-toast intolerant.
A history degree is useless. There’s no future in it.
Why did the coward suddenly feel brave after touching a big rock? Because he felt a little boulder.
I’ve started a dating app for chickens. It’s not my main job though, just to makes hens meet.
I can’t believe someone broke into my house and stole all of my fruit. I am peachless.
Our local auctioneer has passed away. He was somewhere around 30? 35? 35? 40.
I have a friend who really hates living in Central USA. She says she’s in a constant state of Missouri.
A coworker named Celcius recently retired from my company, so they hired a guy called Kelvin to replace him. He’s the new temp.
What dating app do lumberjacks use? Timber.
My cloning experiments finally paid off. I'm so excited, I'm beside myself.
The Earth's surface is 70% water. That water is uncarbonated. Therefore, the Earth is flat.
A pun walks into a room and kills ten people. Pun in, ten dead.
Just got hospitalised due to a peekaboo accident. They put me in the ICU.
I heard that by law you need to turn on
your headlights when it's raining in Sweden. How the hell am I supposed to know when it's raining in Sweden?
Yesterday, the doctor told me I was colorblind. The diagnosis came out of the purple.
Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit jokes, you need..... to let that mango.
I got into a fight with 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. The odds were against me.
I'm told the salads I make tend to be a bit on the “dry” side. It’s definitely something that needs addressing.
Light travels faster than sound.. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
My email password got hacked again. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat.
Bros don't let other bros walk around with an open fly. It's called the zip code.
I asked an electrician to fix an electrical issue at my house He refused.
What is it called when you're afraid of a giant that lives up a beanstalk? Feefiphobia.
What kind of doctor is Dr.Pepper? He is a Fizzician.
What do you call a sick eagle? illegal.
What do you call a Magician who lost his magic? ian.
What did Jay-Z call his wife before they got married? Feyonce.
The first rule of passive aggressive club is... You know what, nevermind. It’s fine.
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
The adjective for metal is metallic. But not so for iron.. which is ironic.
What do you call a group of anxious dinosaurs? Nervous Rex.
A genie granted me one wish, so I said "I just want to be happy." Now I'm living in a cottage with 6 dwarves and working in a mine.
I gave my friend an apple, and he told me he preferred pears. So I gave him another apple.
I'm trying to learn the alphabet but I can't get past X. I don't know why.
Vin Diesel eats two meals a day. Breakfast and breakfurious.
I like to imagine that the guy who invented the umbrella was going to call it the brella. But he hesitated.
What is the opposite of a croissant. A Happy Uncle.
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight.
How do you make the number one disappear? You just add a G and it's gone.
I hear they are developing a mind controlled air freshener. It makes scents when you think about it.
What do you call a chicken looking at a bowl of lettuce? Chicken sees a salad.
If sweet dreams are made of cheese… Who am I to dis-a-brie?
I found a coin on the street the other day, and it had teeth marks all over it. It was a Bitcoin.
What fish is made out of two sodium atoms? 2 Na.
How does a train hear another train coming? With its engineers.
What did the hat say to the scarf? You hang around. I'll go on ahead.
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night. oof.
Lance isn't a common name these days. But in medieval times, people were named Lance a lot.
What’s green and not heavy? Light green.
How did the hacker get away from the police? He ransomware.
I only recently found out that Albert Einstein was a real person.. All this time I thought he was only a theoretical physicist.
How do gamers like to shower? With Steam.
I can't remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6 and 500 in Roman numerals. IM LIVID
Someone threw a bottle of mayonnaise at me. I said, “What the hellmann?”
Saw a squirrel that couldn't make up his mind today. He was on the fence all day.