
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.” – Charlotte Brontë
“I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.’” – Muhammad Ali
“Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Every worthy act is difficult. Ascent is always difficult. Descent is easy and often slippery.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.” – Joseph Campbell
“The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes
“I’ve been absolutely terrified every moment of my life – and I’ve never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.” – Georgia O’Keeffe
“People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily.” – Zig Ziglar
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” – Robert Collier
“If you can quit for a day, you can quit for a lifetime.” – Benjamin Alire Sáenz
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” – Babe Ruth
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love …”  ―Marcus Aurelius
“It is 10 years since I used drugs or alcohol and my life has improved immeasurably. I have a job, a house, a cat, good friendships and, generally, a bright outlook… The price of this is constant vigilance because the disease of addiction is not rational.” – Russell Brand
“Getting sober was one of the the three pivotal events in my life, along with becoming an actor and having a child. Of the three, finding my sobriety was the hardest.” – Robert Downey Jr.
“I understood, through rehab, things about creating characters. I understood that creating whole people means knowing where we come from, how we can make a mistake and how we overcome things to make ourselves stronger.” – Samuel L. Jackson
“Once I was clear-headed, and I hadn’t been clear-headed in so long, I was like, I can never go back. And I’m still thankful.” – Travis Barker
“I got sober. I stopped killing myself with alcohol. I began to think: ‘Wait a minute – if I can stop doing this, what are the possibilities?’ And slowly it dawned on me that it was maybe worth the risk.” ― Craig Ferguson
“I realized that I only had two choices: I was either going to die or I was going to live, and which one did I want to do? And then I said those words, ‘I’ll get help,’ or, ‘I need help. I’ll get help.’ And my life turned around. Ridiculous for a human being to take 16 years to say, ‘I need help.’” – Sir Elton John
“My recovery from drug addiction is the single greatest accomplishment of my life… but it takes work — hard, painful work — but the help is there, in every town and career, drug/drink freed members of society, from every single walk and talk of life to help and guide.” – Jamie Lee Curtis
"If it wasn’t for that rehab center, I probably wouldn’t have been here. In terms of recovery, it has been very important for me to be a part of a recovery community, to actively be around my people because they understand me. They get it.” – Macklemore
“Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.” – Carl Bard
“Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!” – Anne Frank
“What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
“All the suffering, stress, and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for. “– Jon Kabat-Zinn
"People spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace. They chase idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them. The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within.” – Ramona L. Anderson
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wild
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
“Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.” – Helen Keller
“You can come out of the furnace of trouble two ways: if you let it consume you, you come out a cinder; but there is a kind of metal which refuses to be consumed, and comes out a star.”– Jean Church
“I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.” – Rosa Parks
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.”– C.S. Lewis
“Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking of what we want to become. Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking about who we don’t ever want to be again.”– Shane Niemeyer
"When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways – either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength. Thanks to the teachings of Buddha, I have been able to take this second way." – Dalai Lama
"Cause sometimes you just feel tired. Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up. But you gotta search within you. You gotta find that inner strength. And just pull it out of you, and get that motivation to not give up, and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face." – Eminem
"Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. – Marie Curie
"Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once. – Paulo Coelho
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” – Dr. Seuss
“Nothing is impossible; the word itself says, ‘I’m possible!’” – Audrey Hepburn
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“Don’t let the past steal your present.” –Terri Guillemets
"Hope is a good thing, maybe even the best of things, and good things never die." – Stephen King
“Every experience in your life is being orchestrated to teach you something you need to know to move forward.” – Brian Tracy
“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.” – Henry Ford
“If things go wrong, don’t go with them.” – Roger Babson
“Every noble work is at first impossible.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Experience is not what happens to you, it is what you do with what happens to you.” – Aldous Huxley
“We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” – Albert Einstein
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The best way out is always through.” – Robert Frost
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“As one goes through life, one learns that if you don’t paddle your own canoe, you don’t move.” – Katharine Hepburn
“Amazing how we can light tomorrow with today.” – Elizabeth Barrett Browning
“When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stowe
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” - Chinese Proverb
“If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking." - Chinese Proverb
“Adapt the remedy to the disease.” - Chinese Proverb
“A wise man adapts himself to circumstances, as water shapes itself to the vessel that contains it.” - Chinese Proverb
“With true friends…even water drunk together is sweet enough.” - Chinese Proverb
"First the man takes a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes a man." - Chinese Proverb
"It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward." - Chinese Proverb
“It’s been a learning process, I’m growing. I couldn’t believe that anybody could be naturally happy without being on something. So I would say to anybody, ‘it does get better.’” – Eminem
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“And that’s what it’s like for me in recovery at times. Afraid to take on responsibility, new sponsees or something, or allowing myself to stand up and shine… I’ve got new tools, I’ve got new hope, new love, new respect for myself.” – James Hetfield
"I’ve been sober for 18 years now. It wasn’t like you flick a switch, and you’re sober. It takes a while. You have to learn how to do everything all over again. There is life after addiction, and it’s really good. If I had known, I’d have stopped earlier." – Joe Walsh
“I went to hell and back, but I wouldn’t have it any other way. Then I wouldn’t be in the position I’m in, happy about life and comfortable in my skin.” – Drew Barrymore
“What is an addiction, really? It is a sign, a signal, a symptom of distress. It is a language that tells us about a plight that must be understood.” – Alice Miller
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.” – Elbert Hubbard
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Your best days are ahead of you. The movie starts when the guy gets sober and puts his life back together; it doesn’t end there.” – Bucky Sinister
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” – C.S. Lewis
“Courage isn’t having the strength to go on – it is going on when you don’t have strength.” – Napoleon Bonaparte
“As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as in being able to remake ourselves.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“No matter how dark the night may get, your light will never burn out.” – Jeanette LeBlanc
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” – Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
“One of the hardest things was learning that I was worth recovery.” – Demi Lovato
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” – Confucius
“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life.” –Brené Brown
“If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down.” – Mary Pickford
“Recovery is hard. Regret is harder.” – Brittany Burgunder
“Great acts are made up of small deeds.” -Lao Tzu
“It Does Not Matter How Slowly You Go as Long As You Do Not Stop.” – Confucius
“When your past calls, don’t answer. It has nothing new to say.” - Unknown
"I’m Not Telling You It Is Going To Be Easy, I’m Telling You It’s Going To Be Worth It." - Anonymous
"My Recovery Must Come First So That Everything I Love In Life Doesn’t Have To Come Last." - Unknown
"Recovery is about progression not perfection" - Unknown
“The road to Recovery will not always be easy, but I will take it one day at a time, focusing on the moments I’ve dreamed about for so long.” — Amanda Lindhout
“The fact that you woke up this morning is proof that this day has already been predetermined in your favor.” — Russ Kyle
“Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: You don’t give up.” — Anne Lamott
“I understood myself only after I destroyed myself. And only in the process of fixing myself, did I know who I really was.” — Sade Andria Zabala
“Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day, and it’s something that it doesn’t get a day off.” — Demi Lovato
“Blame is such a self-defeating choice. It renders one helpless, putting any solution well out of reach, for we rarely can change others. Consider this, a solution well within your reach, someone you can surely change: yourself.” — Russ Kyle
“You were never created to live depressed, defeated, guilty, condemned, ashamed or unworthy. You were created to be victorious.” — Joel Osteen
“My favorite six words in Recovery are: trust God, clean house and help others.” — Matthew Perry
“It takes a lot of strength to ride the storm of addiction, but it’s worth it.” — Maggie Swann
“You don’t get over an addiction by stopping using. You recover by creating a new life where it is easier to not use. If you don’t create a new life, then all the factors that brought you to your addiction will catch up with you again.” — Unknown
“No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.” — George Chakiris
“Relax. Breathe. It takes time, but there is a great joy to be had in moments of every day. Just remember, you’re learning new steps, a new dance.” — Lisa Frederiksen
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“You can’t defeat the darkness by keeping it caged inside of you.” – Seth Adam Smith
“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.” – Steve Maraboli
“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.” – Friedrich Nietzsch
“Change must start from the individual. And the individual must want and feel ready to make such change.” – Efrat Cybulkiewicz
“Anyone can give up; it is the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, now that is true strength.” – Chris Bradford
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not absence of fear.” – Mark Twain
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
“If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.” – Michael Jordan
“Even in the midst of devastation, something within us always points the way to freedom.” – Sharon Salzberg
“Nobody stays recovered unless the life they have created is more rewarding and satisfying than the one they left behind.” – Anne Fletcher
“Sometimes you’ve just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you.” – Dr. Phil
“Change your behaviors and your feelings will follow.” – Susan McManhon
“All the suffering, stress, and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for.” – Jon Kabat-Zinn
“Patience and the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.” – Chinese proverb
“Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals.” – Henry Ford
“No other road, no other way, no day but today.” – Jonathan Larson
“Believe more deeply. Hold your face up to the light, even though for the moment you do not see.” – Bill Wilson
“It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.” – Lou Holtz
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.” – Zig Ziglar
“Fall seven times, stand up eight.” – Japanese proverb
“Recovery is not a race. You don’t have to feel guilty if it takes you longer than you thought it would.” – Unknown
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.” – Bishop W.C. Magee
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections, but instantly set about remedying them – every day, begin the task anew.” – Saint Francis de Sales
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.” – Jordan Belfort
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”  – Arthur C. Clarke
“If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down.” – Mary Pickford
“Opportunities multiply as they are seized.” – Sun Tzu
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”  – Wayne W. Dyer
“We should be open to change to ensure that our addiction to life always remains under check.”― Dr Prem Jagyasi
“One thing you must realize is that: you either kill your addiction or your addiction will eventually kill you.”― Oche Otorkpa
“Addiction denied is recovery delayed.”― Mokokoma Mokhonoana
“It’s okay to bleed on someone who didn’t cut you. Don’t wait until you’re scarred over to ask for help. Healing starts when the wound is still new.”― Toni Sorenson
“Just because something is familiar, doesn’t mean it’s safe. And just because something feels safe, doesn’t mean it’s good for you.”― Brittany Burgunder
“The Power to redefine your life and purpose is in your hands, use it effectively like a wise person.”― Oche Otorkpa
“Addiction brings apathy. Break the apathy, and you break the addiction.”― Mango Wodzak
“Addiction is a repeated temporary…stilling. I am concerned with peace…not mere relief.”― Edward Albee
“Your addiction is not you, but it feels like you because you’ve spent so much intimate time together.”― Toni Sorenson
“Remember just because you hit bottom doesn’t mean you have to stay there.” — Robert Downey Jr.
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.” — Margaret Thatcher
“Change must start from the individual. And the individual must want and feel ready to make such change.”– Efrat Cybulkiewicz
“I used drugs to feel better. I quit drugs to be better.” — Unknown
“Recovery is not for people who need it. It’s for people who want it.” — Unknown
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreparably broken.” – John Green
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” – Dr. Seuss
“The diamond cannot be polished without friction, nor the person perfected without trials.” – Chinese proverb
“Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.” – Napoleon Bonaparte
“You have to break down before you can break through.” – Marilyn Ferguson
“People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them.” – George Bernard Shaw
“I really mean when I say my biggest fear in early recovery was that I would never have fun again. The beautiful truth is that recovery has given me freedom and the confidence to go out in the world and leave my own mark.”– Tom Stoddart
“Alcoholism is above all a disease of denial.”– David Stafford
“Someone once told me, ‘I heard you finally got rid of your addiction.’ I smiled and said, ‘No, addiction doesn’t work like that. Once you have it, you will always have it. I just choose not to feed it.”– Anonymous
“Recovery isn’t always easy, but it certainly beats the alternative.”– Anonymous
“Before you can break out of prison, you must realise you are locked up.”– Anonymous
“You are not weak for struggling. You are strong for continuing to fight.”– Anonymous
“Every day is a new day. No need to dwell on the past. Look straight ahead.”– Saint Charlotte
“The goal isn’t to be sober. The goal is to love yourself so much that you don’t need to drink.”– Anonymous
“Not the world, not what’s outside of us, but what we hold inside traps us. We may not be responsible for the world that created our minds, but we can take responsibility for the mind with which we create our world.” – Gabor Maté
“Until you find out what you are running from, you will never figure out where you are going.” – Joseph A, Meyering Sr
“We either win or we learn. So take the fuck-ups as new ways of getting good information about yourself.” – Faith G. Harper
“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” — Vince Lombardi
“Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with your self-esteem.” — Kurt Cobain



